So my true vision is for this multi agent structure when integrated in this new app is say for the onboarding AI Coach it will greet you and it’s gonna have that friendly vibe, trustworthy and you know eventually become your personal financial coach to hold you accountable with your finances but the onboarding has to be a crucial part of the process you know this is where the per user AI will understand the vision, the goals, and who the person is I want it to be able to ask questions like is this for personal use or is this for business use in the beginning. If it’s for personal use, then it’ll ask the end user, you know, how much they make. You know what kind of job they have any goals and visions really understand their financial part and it’ll then use Plaid integration with their approval to understand They’re spending habits favorite places to go spend and really find out who they are and those goals are gonna help them budget And if it’s for business use people can either use this app to budget for their business you know keep track of inventory at work, food cost, upload PNL records and etc. like I want you to elaborate more on that how they could use it for their business. But if it’s someone just needing to learn how to budget as they are freelancer or own their own business, and they don’t know how to do their taxes. I want it to be able to auto route money based off of what they make, you know keeping track of their tax bracket as the money in flows and being able to put it into a separate folder you know with bass partnerships, possibly a savings folder or something And be able to just auto route that money so at the end of the year they have the money readily available to pay taxes with or they can have a dual account and pay a little bit more and have a you know a portal for not only their business but also their personal as well and have two separate Budgeting systems so I’m kind of that’s what I’m thinking. This needs to create all envelopes for the use with proper connection to the DB . 10 envelopes as sub accounts with routing and accounting numbers and possibly a savings or investment account with the Bass partnerships later on, End users can only have 4 envelopes Max that will have the availability to add to you apple wallet as a virtual card, and 1 physical card with the MCH meta data from a purchase and geo location to send to the AI and have it choose what account based on the Mcg day to pull money from and get users approval offering 3 suggestions for the purchase and 1 split option so maybe an MCH agent for that?  For the goals, you know the agents, they’re gonna be able to know when the user reaches their goal and say Woo hoo, sending them a notification. You’re ready to book your vacation and from there. The user goes on the app and opens a chat, or the notification puts them already in the chat, and they can attach their itinerary where they wanna go and etc Then the AI agent will be able to go on the web and book everything for them: flights, hotels, reservations for dinner, and all that. I’m thinking in the settings in a secret tab, they can upload different credentials “User & Password” for important websites, so the AI can log into say Herts rental, Southwest, and book through their account using points if prompted to keep it flowing when the AI is booking off the itinerary.  Elaborate on that possibility, and they just go ahead and pay what they need to pay after the AI gives them the link, and man. I’m just thinking, like any AI feature that we have now, I wanna make this the standard application, setting the tone for other Agentic applications out there. 